Update the docs for transaction flow (#659)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/upgrade-guides/3-12-to-3-13.mdx

Mentioned fields will be removed in Saleor 3.14.

For all new [transactionItem](../api-reference/objects/transaction-item) created by [transactionCreate](../api-reference/mutations/transaction-create), any update action can be done only by the same app/user that performed [transactionCreate](../api-reference/mutations/transaction-create) action. This changes has impact only on new [transactionItem](../api-reference/objects/transaction-item), already existing will work in the same way as previously.

# Mutation transactionUpdate

The usage of the deprecated field should be updated for belowed fields:

- [TransactionUpdateInput](../api-reference/inputs/transaction-create-input)
  - `status` - The amounts can be used to define the current status of transactions.
  - `type` - Use `name` and `message` instead.
  - `reference` - Use `pspReference` instead.
  - `amountVoided` - Use `amountCanceled` instead.
- [TransactionEventInput](../api-reference/inputs/transaction-event-input):
  - `status` - Status will be calculated by Saleor.
  - `reference` - Use `pspReference` instead.
  - `name` - Use `message` instead.

Mentioned fields will be removed in Saleor 3.14.

> For all new [transactionItem](../api-reference/objects/transaction-item) created by [transactionCreate](../api-reference/mutations/transaction-create), any update action can be done only by the same app/user that performed [transactionCreate](../api-reference/mutations/transaction-create) action. This changes has impact only on new [transactionItem](../api-reference/objects/transaction-item), already existing will work in the same way as previously.

Reviewer: Same as above.

# Mutation transactionEventReport

> Conversion to [transactionReportEvent](../api-reference/mutations/transaction-event-report) is highly recommended. The new mutation simplifies the flow of reporting changes for the transaction and it is more error-proof than [transactionUpdate](../api-reference/mutations/transaction-update) as all calculation is done by Saleor and requires providing a specific type of action that should be reported. [transactionReportEvent](../api-reference/mutations/transaction-event-report) mutation is idempotent, so app doesn't need to build de-duplication system on its side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We highly recommend converting to [transactionReportEvent](../api-reference/mutations/transaction-event-report). The new mutation simplifies the flow of reporting changes for the transaction. It is also more error-proof than [transactionUpdate](../api-reference/mutations/transaction-update) as Saleor does all calculations, and it requires providing a specific type of action that should be reported. [transactionReportEvent](../api-reference/mutations/transaction-event-report) mutation is idempotent, so the app doesn't need to build a de-duplication system on its side.
```

> The below examples show calls of both mutations where the result will be the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below examples show calls of both mutations where the result will be the same.
```

For example, the query:

```graphql
mutation {
  transactionUpdate(
    id: "VHJhbnNhY3Rpb25JdGVtOjE="
    transaction: {
      status: "Charged"
      availableActions: [REFUND]
      reference: "PSP-ref123.charge"
      amountAuthorized: { currency: "USD", amount: 0 }
      amountCharged: { currency: "USD", amount: 99 }
    }
    transactionEvent: {
      status: SUCCESS
      name: "Charged credit card"
      reference: "PSP-ref123.charge"
    }
  ) {
    transaction {
      id
    }
  }
}
```

should be converted to:

```graphql
mutation {
  transactionEventReport(
    id: "VHJhbnNhY3Rpb25JdGVtOjE="
    pspReference: "PSP-ref123.charge"
    type: CHARGE_SUCCESS
    amount: 99
    message: "Charged credit card"
    availableActions: [REFUND]
  ) {
    transaction {
      id
    }
  }
}
```

- `transactionUpdate.id` is the same as `transactionEventReport.id`
- `transactionUpdate.transactionEvent.reference` is `transactionEventReport.pspReference`
- `transactionUpdate.transaction.reference` is not needed

> - `transactionUpdate.transaction.amountAuthorized` App doesnt needed to make reduce calculation on its side, in `transactionEventReport`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `transactionUpdate.transaction.amountAuthorized` App doesn't need to make the reduction calculation in `transactionEventReport`.
```

- `transactionUpdate.transaction.amountCharged` is `transactionEventReport.amount`

> - `trasactionUpdate.transaction.availableActions` doesn't exist in `transactionEventReport.availableActions`. Possible actions will be callculated by Saleor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `trasactionUpdate.transaction.availableActions` doesn't exist in `transactionEventReport.availableActions`. Saleor will calculate possible actions.
```

- `transactionUpdate.transactionEvent.status` is not needed. `transactionEventReport.type` covers all statuses
- `transactionUpdate.transactionEvent.name` is `transactionEventReport.message`

# Webhook TRANSACTION_ACTION_REQUEST

> [TRANSACTION_ACTION_REQUEST](../api-reference/enums/webhook-event-type-enum#code-style-fontweight-normal-webhookeventtypeenumbtransaction_action_requestbcode) is depreceated and will be removed in Saleor 3.14.
> Use synchronous webhooks: [TRANSACTION_CHARGE_REQUESTED](../api-reference/enums/webhook-event-type-enum#code-style-fontweight-normal-webhookeventtypeenumbtransaction_charge_requestedbcode),
> [TRANSACTION_REFUND_REQUESTED](../api-reference/enums/webhook-event-type-enum#code-style-fontweight-normal-webhookeventtypeenumbtransaction_refund_requestedbcode), [TRANSACTION_CANCELATION_REQUESTED](../api-reference/enums/webhook-event-type-enum#code-style-fontweight-normal-webhookeventtypeenumbtransaction_cancelation_requestedbcode) instead.
> 
> [TransactionChargeRequested](../api-reference/objects/transaction-charge-requested), [TransactionRefundRequested](../api-reference/objects/transaction-refund-requested), [TransactionCancelationRequested](../api-reference/objects/transaction-cancelation-requested) (subscription types for above events) will have the same payload as webhook subscription of [TRANSACTION_ACTION_REQUEST](../api-reference/enums/webhook-event-type-enum#code-style-fontweight-normal-webhookeventtypeenumbtransaction_action_requestbcode). The new webhooks are synchronous and require providing a `pspReference` in the returned payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[TRANSACTION_ACTION_REQUEST](../api-reference/enums/webhook-event-type-enum#code-style-fontweight-normal-webhookeventtypeenumbtransaction_action_requestbcode) is deprecated and will be removed in Saleor 3.14.
Use synchronous webhooks: [TRANSACTION_CHARGE_REQUESTED](../api-reference/enums/webhook-event-type-enum#code-style-fontweight-normal-webhookeventtypeenumbtransaction_charge_requestedbcode),
[TRANSACTION_REFUND_REQUESTED](../api-reference/enums/webhook-event-type-enum#code-style-fontweight-normal-webhookeventtypeenumbtransaction_refund_requestedbcode), [TRANSACTION_CANCELATION_REQUESTED](../api-reference/enums/webhook-event-type-enum#code-style-fontweight-normal-webhookeventtypeenumbtransaction_cancelation_requestedbcode) instead.

[TransactionChargeRequested](../api-reference/objects/transaction-charge-requested), [TransactionRefundRequested](../api-reference/objects/transaction-refund-requested), [TransactionCancelationRequested](../api-reference/objects/transaction-cancelation-requested) (subscription types for above events) will have the same payload as webhook subscription of [TRANSACTION_ACTION_REQUEST](../api-reference/enums/webhook-event-type-enum#code-style-fontweight-normal-webhookeventtypeenumbtransaction_action_requestbcode). The new webhooks are synchronous and require providing a `pspReference` in the returned payload.
```

> The app implementation needs to be modify to provide at least a PSP reference in the response. The app on Saleor side needs to be subscribed to the webhook with events [TRANSACTION_CHARGE_REQUESTED](../api-reference/enums/webhook-event-type-enum#code-style-fontweight-normal-webhookeventtypeenumbtransaction_charge_requestedbcode),
> [TRANSACTION_REFUND_REQUESTED](../api-reference/enums/webhook-event-type-enum#code-style-fontweight-normal-webhookeventtypeenumbtransaction_refund_requestedbcode), [TRANSACTION_CANCELATION_REQUESTED](../api-reference/enums/webhook-event-type-enum#code-style-fontweight-normal-webhookeventtypeenumbtransaction_cancelation_requestedbcode). Webhook subscribtion for the event: `transaction-action-request` should be removed from the App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The app implementation needs to be modified to provide at least a PSP reference in the response. The app on the Saleor side needs to be subscribed to the webhook with events [TRANSACTION_CHARGE_REQUESTED](../api-reference/enums/webhook-event-type-enum#code-style-fontweight-normal-webhookeventtypeenumbtransaction_charge_requestedbcode),
[TRANSACTION_REFUND_REQUESTED](../api-reference/enums/webhook-event-type-enum#code-style-fontweight-normal-webhookeventtypeenumbtransaction_refund_requestedbcode), [TRANSACTION_CANCELATION_REQUESTED](../api-reference/enums/webhook-event-type-enum#code-style-fontweight-normal-webhookeventtypeenumbtransaction_cancelation_requestedbcode). Webhook subscribtion for the event: `transaction-action-request` should be removed from the App.
```

Calling [transactionReportEvent](../api-reference/mutations/transaction-event-report) require `HANDLE_PAYMENTS` permission. (Previously it was `MANAGE_ORDERS`).

# Order mutations

> Mutations [orderVoid](../api-reference/mutations/order-void), [orderCapture](../api-reference/mutations/order-capture), [orderRefund](../api-reference/mutations/order-refund), [orderFulfillmentRefundProducts](../api-reference/mutations/order-fulfillment-refund-products), [orderFulfillmentReturnProducts](../api-reference/mutations/order-fulfillment-return-products) will not trigger [TRANSACTION_ACTION_REQUEST](../api-reference/enums/webhook-event-type-enum#code-style-fontweight-normal-webhookeventtypeenumbtransaction_action_requestbcode) webhook no more. Use dedicated mutation for triggering an action: [transactionRequestAction](../api-reference/mutations/transaction-request-action).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mutations [orderVoid](../api-reference/mutations/order-void), [orderCapture](../api-reference/mutations/order-capture), [orderRefund](../api-reference/mutations/order-refund), [orderFulfillmentRefundProducts](../api-reference/mutations/order-fulfillment-refund-products), [orderFulfillmentReturnProducts](../api-reference/mutations/order-fulfillment-return-products) will not trigger [TRANSACTION_ACTION_REQUEST](../api-reference/enums/webhook-event-type-enum#code-style-fontweight-normal-webhookeventtypeenumbtransaction_action_requestbcode) webhook no more. Use a dedicated mutation for triggering an action: [transactionRequestAction](../api-reference/mutations/transaction-request-action).
```
